of the career
chronic students of the group 12 mt to 3 in
this case we are going to show you the
starting practice and they were with
motor spin fun the
materials that we are going to use are 4
resistances to 220 3 buttons bus button 4
5volts relays and a 5- ball motor
next my partner jonathan
Carazo will show you how a 6 is installed
in the elevators was a protoboard
good afternoon, good, here we are going to
present as my partner says
the proto board how is this a circuit
start and stop with reversible here
I have my course is my push button is going
to my first to my first this relay and
in the first relay I send voltage
to the second but by an interlock
when you press me this push button goes to
learn green and orange and you
has to turn off that of the unemployment in
this case here is already activating
it locked this led
nothing else what is indicating me from
I have voltage when I have voltage
my engine is spinning my engine turns to
my left goes tour so that's how it is
spinning I give stop button
Nails in Nails The cigar is lit
orange the red right now what I 'm going to
make is the investment of turn and you have
that turn yellow pure and my
engine will turn to the opposite side
there is already learned my miller
and my engine is already turning to the
contrary to the one I was going to give
stop button turn off all my leds and
the pure red is on and this was
our practice starting and stopping